Unity management improvements (#863)
vrc-get/vrc-get: CHANGELOG-gui.md

- Issue Report button feature in Settings `#821`
- German translation `#824`
- SDK2 Project is now shown as type "SDK2" `#869`
- Select Unity Path if there are two or more Unity of the same version installed `#863`

>   - Currently, ALCOM will ask every time you open Unity. In the feature we will save the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Currently, ALCOM will ask every time you open Unity. We will implement saving the selection in the future.
```
